icicle v 1.0.0 docs (#10)
ingonyama-zk/developer-docs: docs/introduction.md

Currently our flagship products are:

- **ICICLE**:
ICICLE is a fully featured GPU accelerated cryptography library for building ZK provers. ICICLE allows you to accelerate your ZK existing protocols in a matter of hours or implement your protocol from scratch on GPU.

- **Blaze**: 
Blaze is a Rust library for ZK acceleration on Xilinx FPGAs. It makes it easier than ever for developers to interact with FPGAs and for FPGA designers to give developers access to their hardware.

---

## Our current take on hardware acceleration

We believe GPUs are as important for ZK as for AI.

- GPUs are a perfect match for ZK compute - around 97% of ZK protocol runtime is parallel by nature.
- GPUs are simple for developers to use and scale compared to other hardware platforms.
- GPUs are extremely competitive in terms of power / performance and price (3x cheaper).
- GPUs are popular and readily available.

For a more in-depth understanding on this topic we suggest you read [our article on the subject](https://www.ingonyama.com/blog/revisiting-paradigm-hardware-acceleration-for-zero-knowledge-proofs).

> However despite our current focus on GPUs we are still hard at work developing a ZPU (ZK Processing Unit), with the goal of offering a programmable hardware platform for ZK. To read more about ZPUs we suggest you read this [article](https://medium.com/@ingonyama/zpu-the-zero-knowledge-processing-unit-f886a48e00e0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite our current focus on GPUs we are still hard at work developing a ZPU (ZK Processing Unit), with the goal of offering a programmable hardware platform for ZK. To read more about ZPUs we suggest you read this [article](https://medium.com/@ingonyama/zpu-the-zero-knowledge-processing-unit-f886a48e00e0).
```

Currently our flagship products are:

- **ICICLE**:
ICICLE is a fully featured GPU accelerated cryptography library for building ZK provers. ICICLE allows you to accelerate your ZK existing protocols in a matter of hours or implement your protocol from scratch on GPU.

- **Blaze**: 

> Blaze is a Rust library for ZK acceleration on Xilinx FPGAs. It make it easier then ever for developers to interact with FPGAs and for FPGA designers to give developers access to their hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blaze is a Rust library for ZK acceleration on Xilinx FPGAs. It makes it easier than ever for developers to interact with FPGAs and for FPGA designers to give developers access to their hardware.
```

---

## Our current take on hardware acceleration

> We believe GPUs are as important for ZK as to AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe GPUs are as important for ZK as for AI.
```

> From Ingonyamas point of view GPUs are emerging as an essential infrastructure component for enabling ZK acceleration to reach the masses. This is due to their availability, industry proven scalability, extremely competitive performance to power ratio and the ease at which developers can integrate GPUs into their software stack. For a complete review of this topic we suggest you read [this article](https://www.ingonyama.com/blog/revisiting-paradigm-hardware-acceleration-for-zero-knowledge-proofs) by our CEO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From our point of view, GPUs are emerging as an essential infrastructure component for enabling ZK acceleration to reach the masses. This is due to their availability, industry proven scalability, extremely competitive performance to power ratio and the ease at which developers can integrate GPUs into their software stack. For a complete review of this topic we suggest you read [this article](https://www.ingonyama.com/blog/revisiting-paradigm-hardware-acceleration-for-zero-knowledge-proofs) by our CEO.
```

> However despite our current focus on GPUs we are still hard at work developing a ZPU (ZK Processing Unit), with the goal of offering a programable hardware platform for ZK. To read more about ZPUs we suggest you read this [article](https://medium.com/@ingonyama/zpu-the-zero-knowledge-processing-unit-f886a48e00e0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However despite our current focus on GPUs we are still hard at work developing a ZPU (ZK Processing Unit), with the goal of offering a programmable hardware platform for ZK. To read more about ZPUs we suggest you read this [article](https://medium.com/@ingonyama/zpu-the-zero-knowledge-processing-unit-f886a48e00e0).
```

## ICICLE

> ICICLE is an cryptography library for ZK using GPUs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICICLE is a cryptography library for ZK using GPUs. 
```

ICICLE implements blazing fast cryptographic primitives such as EC operations, MSM, NTT, Poseidon hash and more on GPU.

> ICICLE is designed to be easy to use, developers don't have to touch a single line of CUDA code. Our Rust and Golang ICICLE bindings allow your team to transition from CPU to GPU with minimal re-engineering. ICICLE is also scalable by nature, now that your proving pipeline supports GPU its possible to use ICICLE's multi GPU support to scale your prover across any number of GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICICLE is designed to be easy to use, developers don't have to touch a single line of CUDA code. Our Rust and Golang bindings allow your team to transition from CPU to GPU with minimal changes.
```

I don't think multi GPU support is in v1

> Software engineers will enjoy Blazes abstractions allowing them to interact with FPGA drivers at a high level without having to implement low level read/write operations, we also allow developers to programmatically load binary's to an FPGA and much more. FPGA developers can benefit by building their accelerators based on our shell named [Wrapshell](https://github.com/Quarky93/warpshell). Wrapshell offers common features, such as the PCIe subsystem (DMA), AXI Firewalls, and infrastructure to reconfigure the user-partition at runtime as well as many more features which simplify and speed up the development of FPGA-based accelerators. Wrapshell with Blaze allow you to deliver easy to integrate custom PCIe-based FPGA accelerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software engineers will enjoy Blazes abstractions allowing them to interact with FPGA drivers at a high level without having to implement low level read/write operations, we also allow developers to programmatically load binaries to an FPGA and much more. FPGA developers can benefit by building their accelerators based on our shell named [Warpshell](https://github.com/Quarky93/warpshell). Warpshell offers common features, such as the PCIe subsystem (DMA), AXI Firewalls, and infrastructure to reconfigure the user-partition at runtime as well as many more features which simplify and speed up the development of FPGA-based accelerators. Warpshell with Blaze allows you to deliver easy to integrate custom PCIe-based FPGA accelerator.
```

## Get in Touch

> If you have any questions, ideas, or are thinking of building something in this space join our discussion on [Discord]. Most of our work is open source, you can explore our code on [github](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk) or perhaps read some of [our research papers](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/papers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, ideas, or are thinking of building something in this space join the discussion on [Discord]. You can explore our code on [github](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk) or read some of [our research papers](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/papers).
```

> Follow us on [Twitter](https://x.com/Ingo_zk) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@ingo_ZK), and sign up for our [mailing list](https://wkf.ms/3LKCbdj) to get our latest announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow us on [Twitter](https://x.com/Ingo_zk) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@ingo_ZK) and sign up for our [mailing list](https://wkf.ms/3LKCbdj) to get our latest announcements.
```
